# peerlearning-api

- API-EndPoints:

0. /api/assignment/get (GET): get all peer assignments on given course_id. Req body - course_id as a query param. Res body - returns all assignments that were added to peer learning with this course_id.
1. /api/assignment/add (POST): add peer learning on an assignment. Req body - req must contain assignment_id(i.e courseWorkId), course_id, owner, max_marks_per_question array and access_token as body params. Res body - empty.
2. /api/peer/assignment (GET): get detailed information of a peer assignment . Req body - peer_assignment_id as a query param. Res body - returns respective peer assignment from DB.
3. /api/assignreviewers (POST): start peer learning on an assignment. Req body - peer_assignment_id, access_token and random_assignees as a query param. Res body - empty (randomly assigns assignments amongst the peers).
4. /api/reviewerassignments (GET): get all peer activities assigned to a reviewer for given course_work_id. Req body - course_work_id and user_id as a query param. Res body - list of peer activities matching.
5. /api/reviewassignment (POST): add review of the reviewer on the given peer_activity_id. Req body - peer_activity_id, review_score and reviewer_comment as req.body params. Res body - empty (database updation).
6. /api/activities (GET): get list of all assigned assignments(activities) on given course_work_id. Req body - course_work_id as a query param. Res body - List of all activities assigned for that coure work ID.
7. /api/issues (GET): get all issues on given peer_assignment_id. Req body - peer_assignment_id as a query param. Res body - list of issues.
8. /api/issue (POST): add new issue to the respective peer_activity_id. Req body - peer_activity_id, user_id and comment as req.body params. Res body - empty (either creates a new issue or adds entry to the existing one).
9. /api/closeassignment (POST): change status of the peer assignment to 'Grading'. Req body - peer_assignment_id as a query param. Res body - empty (database updation).
10. /api/downloadReviewsCSV (GET): download csv file. Req body - peer_assignment_id and access_token as a query param. Res body - pops up a csv file to download on client side.
11. /api/reviews (GET): get all reviews on the student dashboard. Req body - student_id and peer_assignment_id as query params. Res body - All the reviews(peer activities) for that student_id.
12. /api/deleteassignment (DELETE): delete given peer_assignment_id. Req body - peer_assignment_id as query params. Res body - (empty) Deletes assignment and (if any)corresponding peer activities generated by the assignment.